### IOT based Fresh Water Shrimp Farm Monitoring System for Bangladesh
## Summary
The freshwater shrimp (Macrobrachium rosenbergii) fisheries sector is of vital significance to the economy of Bangladesh. This sector plays an important role in supplying nutrition, employment creation, poverty alleviation, and overseas currency acquisition. Rapid population growth, environmental pollution, and global warming are reducing the production level of the fisheries (freshwater shrimp) sector. There are various environmental metrics, such as acidity and salinity level of water, turbidity, dissolved oxygen level, and so on, which play a vital role in the effective production of shrimps. It is hence paramount environmental and production parameters be constantly monitored to ensure quality in the production chain. Nevertheless, old-fashioned (ie, manual) monitoring systems are cumbersome, time-consuming, and never performed in real time. Therefore, a constant and computerized monitoring system is the only way to handle those metrics efficiently and in real time. In order to address these problems, a real-time freshwater shrimp farm monitoring system is presented in this article. This monitoring system integrates technologies such as microcontroller-based physical devices, internet of things, and web applications, that allow users to remotely monitor a shrimp farm, as well as to receive alerts when an out-of-range water parameter (ie, temperature, pH, dissolved oxygen, salinity level, and turbidity of water) is detected. The physical implementation of this system consists of a set of sensors that allow for collecting data about the water metrics of shrimp farm. This system was evaluated to test its effectiveness in terms of the size, weight, and the percentage of survival of the shrimp achieved when the shrimp culture pond is monitored by this system.

## Author:
Md Fatin Istiaq and 3 others.

## Accepted publication:
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/eng2.12184
